== Knowledge Management Network

This web application is providing you with a means to share knowledge. We are convinced that Knowledge is Information
paired with Experience. In Knowledge Management, this is often neglected, and writing down explicit information is
winning over the need to communicate.

We are well aware that communication on a personal level is often impossible, especially in larger companies, or
distributed global companies, or in projects that span multiple apartments and/or companies. Therefor we want to provide
you with a simple means to communicate on large scales while collaboratively creating the information to keep to create
a pool of knowledge together with the social interaction necessary.

For a colorful world -
and better working environments:

Anton Bangratz <anton.bangratz@gmail.com>
Michael Laussegger <michael.laussegger@dieprojektur.com>

Copyright © 2010 Anton Bangratz & Michael Laussegger

== LICENSE and COPYING

This file is part of Knowledge Managment Network.

Knowledge Managment Network is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero
General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

Knowledge Managment Network is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even
the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with Knowledge Managment Network in the
file COPYING. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

== Runtime Environment

This web application is designed for Rails 3 (http://rubyonrails.com/) and MongoDB (http://mongodb.org/).

== Contribution

Contribution is always welcome; in order to keep the whole process controllable, we would ask you to fork from our
github project on (TODO: add URL) and drop us a notice to pull.

Translation efforts to other languages are always welcome.
